spm: Mark SPM as deprecated (#8552)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/spm/README.rst

This firmware sets up an nRF device with Trusted Execution (|trusted_execution|) so that it can run user applications in the non-secure domain.

.. note::

>    SPM is now DEPRECATED and will be removed in a future version of the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SPM is deprecated as of |NCS| v2.1.0 and will be removed in a future version of the SDK.
```
We should probably mention the version of NCS it is deprecated in, right?

Reviewer 2: Done

>    Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) :ref:`ug_tfm` will replace SPM as the trusted execution solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) <ug_tfm>` will replace SPM as the trusted execution solution.
```
